Formatting a USB will prevent you from being able to use Wii/GC games off the drive (#215)
hacks-guide/Guide-WiiU: docs/extras/dump-games.md

?> When installing a game to a USB device, we recommend that you use an HDD and not a flash drive, as those are not optimized for constant reading and writing, therefore making them fail quickly. If your HDD is not externally powered, you will need a Y-cable to connect it to two USB slots on the Wii U.

> !> In order to install to a USB device, it has to be formatted by the Wii U. Doing this will erase (delete) all contents (documents, pictures, videos, PC data) of it, and prevent it from being used on another system unless you reformat it. This *does* include the vWii, meaning you will not be able to run Wii and GameCube disks off the USB. To do this, plug your USB HDD into the Wii U, power on your Wii U, your Wii U will prompt you to format your HDD. Confirm with Yes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!> In order to install to a USB device, it has to be formatted by the Wii U. Doing this will erase (delete) all contents (documents, pictures, videos, PC data) off of it, and prevent it from being used on another system unless you reformat it. This *does* include the vWii, meaning you will not be able to run Wii and GameCube disc images off the USB using USB loaders. To format, plug your USB HDD into the Wii U, power on your Wii U, your Wii U will prompt you to format your HDD. Confirm with Yes.
```
